Yeah, without falling.
Yeah, without falling. And I, I had no idea what was going on for a few
minutes afterwards. And then I realized, oh that must have been an earthquake.
Yeah, you know what I usually notice, the times that I’ve been at home, here...
Yeah.
...and, uh, there’s been an earthquake? It’s almost as if there’s this really big train, or like a gigantic Mack truck going by. And, uh, suddenly I start to hear the heater shaking. And, um, it’s like, the noise is like, uh, is loud for like a second and then it’s gone, so...
That’s so...
...it’s really weird, y’know, it’s almost like the first couple’a times I felt it, I wasn’t even aware it was an earthquake while it was happening.
Well, that’s so funny you say that because one that I experienced in Bangkok, it actually was after the tsunami and so later I found out that it was, it was, um, aftershock from the tsunami. But anyway, I was in a building up on the ninth floor and suddenly, uh, there was all this rattling. And I’m thinking to myself, it, it just, it, it was so irrational. I’m thinking to myself, god, there’s like a train going by and I can’t believe that this building is shaking so much from the train [laugh]. It… And of course a train wouldn’t have made a building, or at least me up on the ninth floor, feel something to that effect. And I think it happened about two times. And it... That one wasn’t until several days later when I was talking to people and they were like, “Oh didja feel the earthquake?”. Then it dawned on me, oh, that was an earthquake. It was...
Yeah, I know. It’s, uh, it’s crazy how when you’re not used to feeling them you can think it’s something else.
Yeah, yeah totally.
I mean, I’ve been living’ here for a while now and I’ve definitely felt my share of earthquakes. I mean, know, when you live here it’s a given that you’re gonna experience earthquakes. You just hope that you’re not gonna be here for the big one, know...
[laugh] Yeah, right.
When I first moved here, it was, uh, about five years after the Loma Prieta earthquake, which was a very big earthquake here. And, um, there are a lot of people who lived here who I met who had actually been living in the area when the earthquake hit. So it was interesting to get their perspective...
Oh.
